GitHub search limit (#12112)
demisto/content: Packs/GitHub/ReleaseNotes/1_1_12.md

#### Integrations
##### GitHub IAM
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.9.4.18682*.

##### GitHub

>  - Fixed an issue in which the ***GitHub-search-issues*** command did not return more than 30 results even the limit argument was bigger than 30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue in which the ***GitHub-search-issues*** command did not return more than 30 results even if limit argument was higher.
```

>  - Change the maximum of the limit argument in the ***GitHub-search-issues*** command from 200 to 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Changed the maximum  allowed value of the *limit* argument in the ***GitHub-search-issues*** command from 200 to 100 per GitHub limitation.
```
